"UniversityOfIllinoisAtUrbanaChampaign When I was applying for colleges, my first choice was obviously Urbana-Champaign. The school was known for its engineering program but also for the business as well. Business is my set major and when I applied for schools, I chose schools with good business programs. In my case, UIUC was the choice. And so, when I got into the school, I was very excited that I got what I wanted. However, there are many things I wished I had considered before choosing UIUC. UIUC is well-known and is considered a top-school. But I failed to realize that because of this, the classes were going to be harder than I imagined. I found myself struggling to keep up in my workload and UIUC basically taught me that I had to put in more effort. I think compared to the other colleges, UIUC definitely has an intense workload. Moreover, at UIUC, there are times where you do feel lonely. Freshmen year is difficult at first because you have to settle yourself in a new environment. In a new environment, you have to find new resources and support that you may not have needed back home. You have to find your place on campus and it may be hard trying to make new friends. On a campus, away from home, there were a lot of moments where I personally felt homesick. I found myself missing the life I had back home. However, the good thing about UIUC is that because it was in another city, I was able to move away from my family. Although this may be a bad thing, it also allowed me to learn and grow in the long run. I became more independent on myself to find apartments and pay for rent. I learned to deal with my own issues rather than have my parents tell me what to do. This is the college experience that I believe most college students should experience. Finally, the greatest thing about UIUC is that because the campus is in the middle of nowhere, it is easy to make new friends there. There are many students who have the same interest as you and you would be surprised at the massive amount of extracurricular clubs there are on campus."
