"IndianaUniversityBloomington Indiana University is a large campus that provides many great opportunities for all students. Academically, Indiana University is ranked in the top 100 nationally for the programs they offer: IU Kelley school of business, college of arts and sciences, school of informatics, Jacob's school of music, and more.  Not only does Indiana University provides the greatest academic opportunities, but they also offer great social opportunities for their students. From school events to greek life, students at this campus will find many things within their interest. Indiana University has also fantastic faculty members that are available to students all the time. Faculty provides office hours and are available to make appointments to meet individually with students. Because of what they offer, students have the opportunity to have one-on-one conversations with their professors at this large university. Indiana University also provides a very diverse community that allows each student to find many things of their interest on campus. There are many groups of people that allows each student to be a part of at least one of these groups. These diverse groups allows students to find their family at this large campus. Because of the wonderful things that come with this school, I believe that Indiana University is one of the greatest schools for students. It brings a lot of opportunity for students that helps them grow as students. It also has a lot of great academic opportunities that allows students excel. Many students who graduate from Indiana university get into some of the best graduate programs. Indiana University helps prepare their students to become the best versions of themselves and helps them be fully prepared when they enter the real world. Not only that, but many people who graduate from Indiana University find some of the greatest jobs that has lead them to a successful life. Not only that, but Indiana University has allowed students to find some of the best relationships. For myself, I know I've found some of my best friends at this campus and it has helped me find a true passion of what I want to pursue in when I'm older. I am thankful to have the opportunity to go to one of the greatest schools in the nation and I'm forever grateful to be a Hoosier."
