"MichiganStateUniversity When is the last time that you sprawled out a box full of puzzle pieces on a table, anxious to complete the image and see the final product? Probably not too long ago, right? When is the last time that you were able to do this, with little to no frustration over which pieces fit together or where missing pieces may be? For me, since starting at Michigan State University in the Fall of 2016, I have been able to continuously piece together my personal puzzle, without any frustrations or uncertainty. Everything here at Michigan State flows together perfectly, and has done so since 1855. Some important pieces of my puzzle here at MSU are the academic facilities because they provide the materials for me to excel in my classes with flying colors. With a plethora of tutors, quiet study spaces, and functional technology, every class also becomes an easy fit in my puzzle. The most vibrant and fun pieces that I have added into my puzzle are the friendships that I have created within the 5,200 acre campus. MSU’s students are all kindred spirits with vivacious personalities ready to conquer endless experiences with you, whether it be a project in class, a made-with-love-meal in the dining hall, watching the sun rise over Spartan stadium, or going to that first club meeting with you. The friendships made here are pieces in my puzzle that present the brightest colors, and the most versatile edges. The anchor of the puzzle, that everything else is built around, is the four corners. Without these there would be no frame, and no guidance. Thankfully, Michigan State has the perfect corners for my personal puzzle. These key pieces for me have been the advisors that will boundlessly reach out to every student. Whether it is a scheduling crisis, question about the right path to a dream job, or just a chat to say hello, the advisors here will always welcome students with open arms. Michigan State University is a premier university that helps every student to perfectly piece together their puzzle, and create a promising future, without any lost pieces, or misguided trouble."
