"PennsylvaniaStateUniversity Penn State is the kind of school that brings color into your life. I recently had the opportunity to go to Cuba through a study abroad program, and it was the most eye-opening experience I have ever had the opportunity of taking part of. Cuba is a popular destination for tourism, and yet the people must deal with the devastating effects of lack of food and clean water. I arrived in Cuba with a materialistic mindset, and one of the most life-changing moments for me on my trip to Havana was when I realized that I lost my favorite pair of shoes. I left them behind at one of the hotels, and I was nearly in tears telling my professor about the incident. Yet, she looked at me like I was insane, and she said to me, ""Honey, these people are so poor. I know you want your shoes back, but someone will wear them with pride, someone who needs them a lot more than you do."" I was so furious over my shoes that it did not occur to me that maybe someone else needed them more. I thought that I needed my things, and yet it took losing something that mattered to me for me to realize just how meaningless material items are. What guides me is that I do not ever want to be the person I was before I went to Cuba. On my last day in Cuba, I gave pesos (Cuban currency) to a begging man. I cannot put into words exactly what it feels like to  give something to someone who needs it, but I know this - I want to know that feeling again and again. I do not ever want to stop knowing what it feels like to give to someone. 
People are struggling, and it is not enough to wait for things to get better. The beaches are covered in filth and trash, which harms the marine ecosystems, and the local communities lack school materials. The issue is that everyone is waiting for things to get better, but very little is being done to address these issues. It is easy to believe that things will just get better on their own, but unfortunately, that has never been the case. I am currently working with another Penn State student to develop an environmental policy for protecting Cuba’s environment. Yet, there are many other issues that need to be dealt with. I am motivated to guide people in understanding that things need to change. One important lesson that I learned in Cuba is that you cannot just throw things in someone's face and expect them to care. It always seems as though it is ignorance why people make harmful environmental decisions, but often, it is a lack of awareness. Instead of being angry and looking for someone to blame for the toll that pollution has taken on the environment and the poverty-stricken people, we must offer guidance and lend a helping hand. 
Altogether, I have learned this: the environment speaks for itself in ways that we cannot necessarily hear, but must see with our own eyes. Maybe certain issues fail to seem like a big deal right now, but they will be, because everything is always okay until one day it's not. We're always thinking that there's so much time left to fix things, and then one day, we’re scrambling to find a solution, because we’re out of time.
I have come to face-to-face with multiple issues in the world - poverty, lack of education, pollution - and things have never been clearer. I am motivated to carry the lessons that I have learned from Cuba with me and make a difference in every community I travel to. I believe that I am blessed to know such a beautiful world, but there are still many issues that need to be properly addressed. 
Everything that I learned in Cuba was because of Penn State. Many schools do not offer opportunities such as this one. I had the chance to get a glimpse of the world because of what Penn State has given to me, and I am more than anything grateful."
